Katrina Katrinka was like any other ordinary mother with two kids, a stationwagon, and a 6O foot tall crane in her back yard. The crane just showed up one morning. A construction company was building an apartment building down the street. One day the company went bankrupt, and left their crane in Mrs. Katrinka's back yard. They just went bankrupt, and left her with a 6O foot tall crane in her back yard.
Mrs. Katrinka didn't know what to do at first. But then she had an idea. She called the sanitation department in her town to come around and pick up the 6O foot tall crane. If you have an old couch, an old table, an old refrigerator, or an old washing machine, you can call the sanitation department, and they'll come around and pick it up.
You can guess what the sanitation department had to say about Mrs. Katrinka's crane. "Sorry, ma'am. We don't pick up 6O foot tall cranes. Old couches, old tables, old refrigerators, and old washing machines are fine. Large, 6O foot tall cranes are not fine."
Mrs. Katrinka was not the type of ordinary mother who lets a 6O foot tall crane sit around in her back yard. No, sirree. Not that type of ordinary mother at all.
So she bought a large wrench, and climbed up the tall 6O foot crane. She carefully climbed out onto the horizontal part of the crane, and unbolted one of the end sections. She happily climbed down and carried the steel section into her basement.
Her neighbors peered over the fence, wondering what on earth could this ordinary mother be doing with a steel section of crane in her basement. What the neighbors didn't know was that Mrs. Katrinka also bought an excellent power saw. This saw could cut through the toughest, hardest steel.
Day after day, Mrs. Katrinka would take one more section from the crane, carrying it carefully down into her basement. And night after night, she cut those sections up into little bits. These little bits of steel were easy enough to hide in her regular trash.
Some of the bits she stuffed in empty cans of tuna fish. Other bits she stuffed in the middle of over-ripe watermelons. And other bits she hid inside old smelly socks.
But it's hard to hide a full 6O foot crane in your day to day trash. You could hide a 2O foot crane, or a 3O foot crane. But a 6O foot crane is just too big to easily hide in the trash.
So Mrs. Katrinka started painting the sections of crane she took down each day. She painted them, and then welded them into interesting sorts of sculptures. When her basement became too full of sculptures, she set the sculptures out in her back yard.
It didn't take long for people to flock from all over the neighborhood to see Mrs. Katrinka's sculptures. One day, one of her neighbors walked right up her front steps and asked if she might buy one of the sculptures.
Well, Mrs. Katrinka didn't know what to say. She didn't make the sculptures to sell. She made the sculptures because it's hard to hide all the bits of a 6O foot crane in your trash.
On the very day that she took down the last section of the crane, the man who used to own the construction company came back to pick up his crane. "Sorry, sir," Mrs. Katrinka said.
"The crane you left in my back yard is no longer here anymore. It's hiding in empty cans of tuna fish, over-ripe watermelons, and old smelly socks. If you want to put it back together, you'll have to go looking through lots of empty tuna fish cans, over-ripe watermelons, and old socks."
"Well, ma'am," said the construction company man. "I really shouldn't have left that 6O foot crane in your back yard. It wasn't the right thing to do, and I'd like to apologize to you."
Mrs. Katrinka looked the man up and down. He looked as if he was genuinely sorry for what he had done.
"Oh, all right," Mrs. Katrinka said. "If you'd like to take home some of the 6O foot crane you left in my back yard, it's sitting right over there in those six sculptures."
"Six sculptures?" said the man, in wonder.
"Yes, six sculptures," replied Mrs. Katrinka. "Mrs. Olney down the street bought the seventh sculpture last week for $2OO."
"Well, the least I can do is buy the other six sculptures, at the same price," the man whispered gently.
"No. I'm sorry. That won't do," replied Mrs. Katrinka. "I can't sell all six of those sculptures. They mean too much to me now."
"But I tell you what. If you want to buy five of them, I won't complain too loudly about that. You can't expect me to give up all my wonderful sculptures to some stranger who left a 6O foot crane in my back yard."
"Yes, ma'am. It's too much to expect an ordinary mother to give up all six sculptures she made from a 6O foot tall crane that a total stranger left in her back yard."
As Mrs. Katrinka took the man's money, she laughed, "Besides, I need to keep at least one sculpture to show my grandchildren. They'll never believe this story if I didn't have at least one of the sculptures left to show them..."
Patty loved watching the trains come in and go out of the station. She loved the clackety-clack sound of the trains as they picked up speed going down the train track. And she loved the loud whistle that the train made.
Just before the train would blow its whistle, Patty would throw back her head and pretend as if the train's glorious whistle sound was coming directly from her own beak. Her friends looked at her a little strange when she did this, but those poor pigeons had no idea what it's like to ride a train.
Patty knew almost everything there is to know about trains since she once took the Amtrak train all the way to Boston. Actually, that's not totally true. She first took the train to Philadelphia, and then caught a second train to Boston.
First, fly down to the train tracks and pretend as if you're just pecking around for sandwich crumbs. Act as if you're just a regular pigeon looking for the odd scrap of food.
Then make your way over to the doorway of one of the cars of the train. All the while, pretend as if it is the furthest thing on your mind to hop onto a train.
When you get near to one of the doorways to the train, check to see that there aren't any conductors too close to you. Then just at the moment when someone is getting on or getting off the train, pretend as if you're startled and fly up into the air while screeching just a bit.
The hurried traveler may take notice of you for a second, but you can be sure that they will be quickly on their way. Then when you're up in the air near the doorway to the train car, pretend as if you accidentally land on the top step of the doorway of the train car.
Then pretend as if your sense of curiosity is so strong that you need to take a quick peek inside the train car. Waddle a little bit forward in the way that they tell you to do in the Pigeon's Acting Book. Then you can duck underneath one of the first seats you come to, put your head underneath your wing, and then snooze all the way until the train has completely left the station.
It's important that you not engage in regular pigeon clucking when you're hiding underneath the train seat. If the man in the seat above you is carrying on and on in the most boring way imaginable, resist the temptation to cluck. And if the kids in the seats across the aisle always seem to be making a big fuss about everything, resist the temptation to cluck.
The first big city you will reach is Baltimore. You know you have reached Baltimore when the train conductor yells over the loudspeaker. "Baltimore! Baltimore! I can't imagine a city with anything more. Baltimore!"
The second big city you will reach is Wilmington, Delaware. You know that you have reached Wilmington when the conductor yells out, "Wilmington! Wilmington! The best place to play badminton is Wilmington!"
After the Wilmington train stop you will reach Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in about twenty minutes. You know that you have reached Philadelphia when the conductor yells out, "Philadelphia! Philadelphia! Best philharmonic in the world. Philadelphia!"
Philadelphia has a fine train station well worth visiting. I once spent a week there visiting some cousins.
After Philadelphia the train gets to Trenton, New Jersey. You know you have reached Trenton when the conductor yells, "Trenton! Trenton! Terrific Trenton!"
About an hour after leaving Trenton the train pulls in to New York City. If you're a pigeon who likes opera or Broadway plays, it's worth getting out at this stop.
I personally like to stay on the train for the twenty minutes that the train stops in New York City. One of the stops after New York City is New Haven, Connecticut. A friend of mine from high school is going to law school at Yale University, in New Haven. Yale has a fine law school, especially if you're interested in Pigeon Law, International Pigeon Law, or Criminal Pigeon Law.
About two hours after New Haven you reach Providence, Rhode Island. Here the conductor usually yells out, "Rhode Island! Rhode Island! Take the Rhailroad to Rhode Island!"
And within an hour of leaving Providence the train pulls into the central Amtrak station in Boston. Stay underneath your seat until all the passengers have gotten off the train. Then pretend as if you're a Boston pigeon who accidentally jumped up onto the top step of the train's car.
With a squawk, jump up into the air and pretend as if someone almost stepped on you. The train conductor will never ask a pigeon for a ticket if they think that someone almost stepped on you. You can then take your time visiting Boston before catching a train back to Washington DC. An excellent place to visit is the Boston Commons, the large park in the center of Boston. Some of the best crumbs from the best sandwiches in the nation fall onto the ground in the Boston Commons.
Also, you might enjoy visiting Harvard University, in nearby Cambridge, Massachusetts. Harvard is a place where human beings go to try to become as smart as pigeons.
But don't be too concerned about human beings catching up to the intelligence of pigeons. Until human beings figure out a way to ride the train for free from Washington DC to Boston and back, we pigeons will always be smarter than they. 
